---
templateKey: blog-post
title: User Story
date: 2021-03-08T21:37:32.729Z
description: "User stories March 9th "
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/aramoana-beach-hero.jpg
tags:
  - user
---
**User 1:** Grace is an international student who cannot work on her visa.  Because she can't have an income in New Zealand she can't really get into a lot of the different outdoor sports here she is keen to try, besides surfing which she is already good at and bought a board for.  She has learned to mountain bike on a friends bike but wants to be able to go out with the friend so she needs her own bike.  However, she can't rent a bike anywhere.  So, she looks up renting options and finds Gearshare.  She browses bikes in the area that people are willing to rent out and and finds a good deal.  Additionally, Grace is an avid surfer and is eventually able to simply swap gear and exchange lessons on their sports with the mountain bike renter instead of renting.  

**User 2:**  Zane is a beginner surfer.  He has been learning a couple times on Unipol boards and is hooked.  He finally knows he wants to commit to being a surfer.  However, he isn't sure what kind of board he wants.  He progressed pretty quickly but isn't sure if he should stick with a higher volume board since he is still pretty new at it or if he should go right to a shortboard.  He checked with every surf store in the area but none are willing to rent nice boards.  One day, he hears about Gearshare.  A couple of his friends know people who rent out different style boards on the website.  Zane checks out the about page and thinks the service is a great option for him.  He browses products and finds all kinds of boards of all shapes and sizes.  He messages a couple different boards owners and takes their boards out throughout the week.  He made a deposit on all the rentals, as the service requires, and makes sure he returns them all on time and in good shape so he gets his deposit back.  

**User 3:** Eugene is an avid rock climber.  He has spent years compiling a full setup of gear and working on his skills.  He has recently made a big purchase on a new rope and is a bit short on cash.  He still has an old rope  and quickdraws that are usable and safe but just not as nice.  He wishes he could profit off of his unused gear that he still wants to keep around for bad weather days or big group days.  Eugene hears about Gearshare from a friend and becomes a member.  He doesn't care too much about his rope so prices it for $20 a day with an $100 deposit.  This way, renting the rope and quickdraws for a day is still cheaper than buying it.  He is approached by a renter the next week.  The renter puts down a deposit, picks it up that day and returns it the next.  He logs that the gear is returned and in good shape and the renter gets their deposit back.